PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/topLeft/topLeft.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A start position inside the page used for export of the DataGrid. Contains **x** and **y** properties. This position starts from the page margins.

Reviewer: Specifies a starting position for DataGrid export on the page. Contains **x** and **y** properties. You can locate this position only below the page margins.

> Specifies a starting position for DataGrid export on the page. Contains x and y properties. You can locate this position only below the page margins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the top left position of the DataGrid in the exported PDF document. Contains x and y properties. You can locate this position only below the page margins.
```

> Specifies a starting position for DataGrid export on the page. Contains **x** and **y** properties. You can locate this position only below the page margins.

Reviewer: Specifies a start position for DataGrid export on the page. Contains **x** and **y** properties. You can locate this position only below the page margins.
